second - the droid pro then double
called triumph is word , is a chorus
that I liked a lot is a game of
adventure type
well I do not know what kind but it's a game of
adventure new adventure which then
is totally in English
unfortunately for many but good
I guess the wolf then grab
game maña more theme decided to go
unlocking paths keep moving forward
you have better to improve and all that
I hope more and good at the beginning Nomás
disappears this in the kilometers then
well they are simply like missions or
achievements that you will be taking out in the game
not in and from here to here are the
credits
that had not opened this let's see
What is it
I've never seen ones with a few credits
so animated clear
well here are the credits that are
king to the creators very games the
which were placed and reach the
game I hope you are compatible for
everyone
the
the fire because this is I did not see for giving
and as to how much I needed it is
falling to all who have apply
pebble I do not know why a stone but
good looks great regenerates is in
the most credits is one of those that put you
commitment to their games and can very well
eliminate this vale
let's see let's give it new
well there were lamenting
My magic balls seemed like I can not know
why was that good we go
I think I made the villa iway the village
that is the village of the ranchito with great
llama and de faus his house from here
as a portal is playing a portal
a store
d
and
and here and here they give me a sword that more
that nothing of the beginning not at the beginning of
game
later I think we have to go to
look for those who is our teacher who
is more advanced and then they kill you
wey and they give you the unlocked world not
everything is very good I liked it as
I tell them the graphics look great on
12 I like the municipality pinche as
look good bastard
this law comes well gaming the game of
Bank
here here is good in the inventory
all your things here, nothing more
I have a sword on the map
Well, they are like the missions that
you have to do
good teacher and another thing that showed
much is this culture controls
very few let configure one hundred
hundred controls and as you see here
simply let you move what is
looked if you did not like it and tested something
you modify them and you do not have to eat
I say is and of missions about the beginning
only a few tracks are killed but we are
listening to the touches of my fingers
but when when I play this guy d
when I play this guy or do I review
of games I like more to put what is
without and without hearing aids because they are heard
better the audio from very low
Minecraft
and good in parkour here here if I am
good
and now we have to go to bring 15
that is here thrown
good and unlock as a mission
an achievement more than anything good I do
I say achievement I do not know how they are true but
I say that before they come to me
put here you're wrong
in 2006
be fifteen old man lying with here
early here should be
and here
and then the boss comes out who really
we have to kill the master here gives us
like a power
and good is like magic is not like a guy
shovel and I think that's what they're called
wizards
what counts
with power to kill
tell them final goodbye but as
they wanted the graphic is very very funny
right now and after this like that way
they take him home after he
good to cinnamon after you see it
River
and everyone is unlocked so that
start unlocking all the others
the other maps and things like that or the rest
roads not because they are not maps in the
there are only more roads that
block and that is what we say after
to study already has everything all
unblock the vera to
bad and do not work as I get the rest
from here
okay
and so I told myself this is a portal
then I have the whole map
unlocked to start playing if
They know English will do very well in a
game if you do not know it like me or not what
you know
maybe some things are going to have to
be using the translator because I've
let's say if you leave it with your face
but no but good I liked it a lot
they do not die in one fell swoop and more
here is the other bastard more
verb
for me
this is the totally free video on the
that promises a lot although I'll see if it 's
head
and see you in the next video up
the next
see you